the waitlist management pannel would have an area for deleting all leads or select multiple leads... and a filter area by which we could search every lead by their name, location or anything else which could be possible... and a filter option for state. After that the software should be able to generate proper good email templates using AI for the waitlisted registered users. The email should be a the main email that "they have succesfully Joined the waitlist and everything else like what perks/offers they could get in the future they should wait for that and what's adam's Clubs visions are" there should be an area where we could see whether we have sent them an email or not... (Like a check box thing for both email and follow-up) and we should also be able to edit both email and follow-ups when we send individually... but when we send emails in bulk there shouldn't be any option for editing the message it should directly send the email or follow-up…..
The followup would be for the other emails after the mail "You've joined the waitlist" email it would show in the row of the user like as +1,+2 just to let know how many follow-ups have been sent. Only the first main email would be Ai generated and the other emails would be written by the Admin user
Adding the checkboxes for the main email and followups email is compulsory….. It should be present somewhere in the screen where it suits the most best… the checkbox will automatically be checked when we sent a certain email or follow-up after sending the email the user shouldn’t be able to send any more emails to the lead but when we hover around text like Main email, Follow-up 1 or 2 there a text will appear when it will be something like “Send Anyways” which will anyway somehow send the follow-up or email forcefully… when we will hover around any follow-up whether its number 1-8 a new area will appear where we could send the follow-up email directly…. Also remember to add the filter options just like how i showed how the UI screen will be…. Ive attached some screenshots of the UI, Add the test email feature and the other things shown in the whole UI screenshot except the “upload csv” feature
